5	Top of the deck   overlay worn away throughout. concrete repairs. deep spall ,  Bottom of the deck  Spall  with 5% loss of section to exposed reinforcing . Joint expansion   deep debris built-up in joints along the shoulder.Adhesion failure
6	Top of the deck   Hairline wide transverse and longitudinal cracks in top of deck at isolated locations. Edge spalling in top of deck.  Bottom of the deck  Hairline transverse cracks with efflorescence  . Joint expansion   Seal has adhesion failure for full length.  Seal deteriorated or missing throughout
7	Top of the deck  MINOR Spall with exposed reinforcing in travel lane at midspan.  .  Bottom of the deck  Hairline x full width transverse cracks  some with efflorescence. Joint expansion  Compression seal is ripped/torn at several locations with gaps/adhesion failure for full length
5	Top of the deck  Hairline cracks spaced   .  Bottom of the deck  spall with reinforcing steel exposed. Joint expansion  Dirt accumulated in top of Metal Strip Seal Joints.   
7	Top of the deck  Randomly located hairline transverse cracks   .  Bottom of the deck  Hairline transverse cracks with efflorescence . Joint expansion  Dirt debris accumulated in top of Metal Strip Seal Joint
7	Top of the deck  MINOR CRACKS   .  Bottom of the deck  Hairline  wide transverse cracks with efflorescence  . Joint expansion  joint material has begun to show signs of deterioration and losing bond along edge of deck slab
5	Top of the deck  Overlay is worn away at random locations over approximately 50% (previously 40%) of the deck surface  deep spall with exposed reinforcing   .  Bottom of the deck  deep area of delamination and spalling with exposed reinforcing. Joint expansion  Compression seals are deteriorated, loose and are leaking throughout.
5	Top of the deck  Overlay has worn away at random location area of spalling and asphalt patching    .  Bottom of the deck  deep spall with exposed reinforcing. Joint expansion  adhesion failure adjacent to deck edge spalling.
5	Top of the deck  ­Hairline map cracking throughout visible portions.total of asphalt patching deep spall approximately .  Bottom of the deck  deep area of delamination and spalling with 5% loss of section to exposed reinforcing . Joint expansion  total of adhesion failure
7	Top of the deck  wide area of hairline wide map cracking  .  Bottom of the deck  Hairline x full width transverse cracking with efflorescence . Joint expansion  Dirt and debris in strip seals throughout bridge
7	Top of the deck   concrete patching and deep area of spalling.  Bottom of the deck  Hairline x full width transverse cracking with efflorescence . Joint expansion  Dirt and debris exists in strip seals throughout bridge
6	Top of the deck  deep spall due to utility hanger.  Bottom of the deck  has hairline transverse cracks with efflorescence spaced at approximately 5’ throughout. . Joint expansion  long section adhesion failure 
6	Top of the deck  Hairline to 1/8”W transverse and longitudinal cracks with efflorescence in .  Bottom of the deck  Hairline to 1/16”W cracks with efflorescence  . Joint expansion  section of compression seal has fallen thru top of deck
6	Top of the deck  Hairline to 1/16” W longitudinal cracks .  Bottom of the deck  Hairline transverse cracks with efflorescence  . Joint expansion  section has fall through 
5	Top of the deck  deep voids that appear to be fiber clumps in the mix.  Bottom of the deck  total delamination with 2.5 SF total spalls, up to 3/4" deep with exposed reinforcing . Joint expansion  adhesion failures
7	Top of the deck  Hairline to 1/32” wide x 6’ long longitudinal cracks .  Bottom of the deck  Hairline transverse cracks with efflorescence . Joint expansion  spalls have resulted in joint adhesion failure and leakage at isolated locations
7	Top of the deck  Isolated transverse and diagonal cracks.  Bottom of the deck Hairline transverse cracks with efflorescence and light hairline random cracking. Joint expansion 
5	Top of the deck  Spalling, 1’ long x 1’ wide x 1” deep, partially patched with asphalt.  Bottom of the deck  Hairline transverse cracking with efflorescence at random locations . Joint expansion  Delamination and spalling, 10’ long x 7” wide x 4” deep with exposed reinforcing.
5	Top of the deck  Spalling, 1’ long x 1’ wide x 1” deep, partially patched with asphalt.  Bottom of the deck  Hairline transverse cracking with efflorescence at random locations . Joint expansion  Delamination and spalling, 10’ long x 7” wide x 4” deep with exposed reinforcing.
5	Top of the deck  deep spall.  Bottom of the deck  Delamination, up to 1’ long x up to 1’ wide and spall, 1’ long x 2’ wide x 1 1/2” deep with exposed reinforcing . Joint expansion  Deck expansion joints are full of dirt and debris
5	Top of the deck  long x 4” wide (previously 4” diameter) x 1” deep spall along expansion joint..  Bottom of the deck  with two (2) up to 6” long x 1’ wide x ½” deep spalls with exposed reinforcing  . Joint expansion  Compression seals are loose, cracking and actively leaking for full length of all joints
6	Top of the deck  Hairline to 1/16” wide longitudinal and diagonal cracks .  Bottom of the deck  Previous areas of delamination and spalling have been repaired with concrete since previous inspection  . Joint expansion  Deck expansion joints seals filled with sand
5	Top of the deck  Epoxy overlay has worn off exposing areas of scaling up to 1/16” deep totaling 85%.  Bottom of the deck  two spalled areas. Joint expansion  adhesion failure
5	Top of the deck  Light to medium scale exposing aggregate in top of deck surface, typical condition of all three spans.   Bottom of the deck  Spalled / delaminated area, 6’ long x 6’ wide x 2” deep with exposed reinforcing and loss of section . Joint expansion  Areas of adhesion failure at random locations throughout joints.
6	Top of the deck  8’long x 8’wide area of map cracking in top of deck surface.   Bottom of the deck  Delamination, 1’ long x 1’ wide area . Joint expansion  long section of silicone joint sealer has lost bond and fallen down into expansion joint
5	Top of the deck  delamination thru out top of deck surface. .   Bottom of the deck  Area of delamination in bottom side of deck located near mid-span . Joint expansion  
6	Top of the deck  SF total of wearing surface missing .   Bottom of the deck  deep spall with exposed reinforcing . Joint expansion  Adhesion failure
4	Top of the deck  Areas of delamination and spalling up to 1” deep with exposed reinforcing at random locations throughout. .   Bottom of the deck  Delamination, 2’ long x 2” wide in the underside of deck  . Joint expansion  Compression joint sealants are deteriorated and leaking up to full length
5	Top of the deck  Areas of delamination and spalling up to 1” deep with exposed reinforcing at random locations throughout..  Bottom of the deck   A 15’L x 1/32” wide longitudinal crack with efflorescence in underside of deck slab span . Joint expansion  Compression joint at abut (A) beginning to lose bond with edge of deck
5	Top of the deck  Epoxy overlay has worn off top of deck exposing shrinkage cracks. .  Bottom of the deck   Hairline to 1/16” wide longitudinal cracks with efflorescence in underside of deck slab. Joint expansion  Compression seal at abut (A) loosing bond and beginning to slump up to 1” in random locations
6	Top of the deck  typical transverse crack up to 2’long in top of deck span.  Bottom of the deck   Typical hairline shrinkage cracks with efflorescence . Joint expansion  Compression seal at abut (B) has deteriorated and fallen
5	Top of the deck  1 SF total of wearing surface missing in Lane .  Bottom of the deck  1 SF x 1/2" deep spall with exposed reinforcing . Joint expansion  Adhesion failure: 4 LF total in Lane 1, 12 LF total in Lane 2. Previously noted 10 LF total of asphalt breaking up 2 1/2" wide x 2” deep behind back edge of backwall has been patched, however patch is broken up for 5 LF in Lane 2.  
5	Top of the deck  Areas of delamination and spalling up to 1” deep with exposed reinforcing at random locations throughout.  Bottom of the deck   Delamination, 2’ long x 2” wide in the underside of deck overhang over Bent . Joint expansion  Compression joint fallen through for 10 LF total
6	Top of the deck  Epoxy overlay has worn off top of deck exposing shrinkage cracks. .  Bottom of the deck   Area of honeycomb 2’L x 2’W in underside of deck slab in span  . Joint expansion  Compression seal at abut (A) loosing bond and beginning to slump up to 1” in random locations, same at abut (B)
7	Top of the deck  View of typical transverse crack up to 2’long in top of deck span. .  Bottom of the deck   Hairline x 1/16”W up to full width transverse and map cracks with efflorescence underside of deck spans  . Joint expansion  section of compression seal has fallen thru top of deck
6	Top of the deck  Hairline to 1/16” wide longitudinal cracks in top of deck span.  Bottom of the deck   Hairline to 1/16” W transverse cracks with efflorescence spaced 4’ to 6’ apart. Joint expansion  Longitudial expansion joint seal in top of median beginning to show signs of deterioration
4	Top of the deck  Epoxy overlay applied in 1996 has worn off and delaminated in several areas of all spans. Sand and debris up to 1” deep adjacent to curbs.  Bottom of the deck   One (1) 8’ x 4’ area with delamination and spalling up to 2” deep with exposed reinforcing. Joint expansion  of silicone pourable joint sealant is deteriorated in isolated locations throughout. Active leaching occurs in these locations.  Sand and debris up to 1” deep adjacent to curbs. 
5	Top of the deck  Two patched areas in top of deck surface, patched areas are bare with no wearing surface present..  Bottom of the deck   Transverse crack, 3’ long up to 1/16” wide . Joint expansion  Pourable joint sealant has lost adhesion entire length of expansion joint, 
5	Top of the deck  A 4’L x 4’W x 2”D spalled and delaminated area   Bottom of the deck   Hairline to 1/16” W longitudinal cracks up to 8’L with efflorescence underside of deck spans. Joint expansion  Compression seals beginning to deteriorate and loose bond over both Bents, 
6	Top of the deck  Overlay worn away exposing    Bottom of the deck   Up to 1/32” W x full width transverse cracks, some with efflorescence . Joint expansion  
5	Top of the deck  4 small areas of epoxy have worn off top of deck    Bottom of the deck   Three of Twelve spall and delaminated areas with reinforcing exposed, average size 2’L x 10”W x 1”D.   . Joint expansion  4’L x 10”W spall adjacent to compression seal 
